Come back in this year you were looking at the read to me file read me files are extremely underused
especially good read me files and it's important that you project.
Have you read me file.
See if we go to our newly created repository here in get hub.
The first thing that it doesn't have is a description.
We should probably provide that.
If this was a more important project and the other thing it doesn't have is a read to me and get hotels
you help people interested in this repository understand your project by adding a read me adding a read
me is important not only to help people understand what the project is about but also usually to tell
people how to run your project how to install your project or yeah what it does what is useful for who
should want to use it and why it's really a useful file to include and write in one is actually really
simple.
So let's go into our terminal and write our first read me file for this project what to do is open up
a new file called Read to me dot M.D so reads me not empty.
I'm sure you know now how to open up this in a text editor.
So go ahead and do that.
And as you know it is vim read me that I'm b because we are in the Test folder which is where our project
is located.
This is the prime location to put it in.
Don't put it inside a subfolder because then get help won't be able to read it easily.
OK.
We created a new file called Read me dot and the.
And now we're going to go into insert mode.
This is a dot M.D file which is what get habbe except this stands for Mac markdown and therefore we
have to write this read me file in markdown format the markdown format is really simple and it's used
to make your content more organized than if it was a just a basic text file while not being as complicated
and as cumbersome to use as for example which DML would be to write a title in markdown which should
be our first line using a hash symbol.
One of these musical sharp symbols as well.
And here we can type your title after a space.
This could be a great sequel analytics app.
Then we can write a subtitle How to install the app and then we can just start piping newness all the
Subbuteo has to hash symbols.
And that just makes it a smaller pintle we can add three hash symbols four five six.
We cannot add seven or more.
But I think six subtitle should be enough.
If we just type this'll be a normal paragraph you would in a text file so we can say to use this app
you don't need to install it just download it and you can run it.
You need python though.
That's it.
And hear why you should use this app.
We can say it prints hello world what else do you need.
There we go.
This is a symbol read me file.
Naturally you would do more things than this and other things you can do in markdown is with three back
takes you can enclose code so you can see print Hello world.
And that can be a description of what your code is.
Although I wouldn't recommend putting all of your code in the read me file.
That's what the code files are for.
You can also type quotes with this greater than symbol.
This is a great app
somebody and there's a few more things you can do.
But we don't really worry much about them like lists.
You can type lists and then they will be printed out as appropriate lists and good hub.
You can also write unordered lists such as a list of elements with a dash symbol.
You can also make things bold by putting them around double asterisks.
You can make things italics by putting them around underscores.
You can include links and photos and things like that.
We're not really going to be looking into that much detail here right.
A read me file that tells users what your project is about how they can run it why they should use it
.
And then your project will have a lot better visibility.
Make sure you've read me files are written in proper English or the language of your project so that
when people do look at it they don't think that you are a lazy person who doesn't want to write properly
.
Also because companies will be looking at your read me files and therefore it helps if they are written
properly and that's it.
But it's really all you need.
Now let's save and quit and starters get and read me don't M.D get to commit an added My you read me
file and this is going to cause an error because of a small bug where the exclamation mark doesn't really
work.
So we can just and do get comics that am and it may read me file and we can escape the exclamation mark
to make sure that it is not treated as an operand by putting a backslash in front of it and then we
can get push.
There we go.
It also tells you all of this stuff as well.
And I would recommend just copying this come and get convert global push don't default is simple and
paste pasted in there and then you will not get that message again.
OK.
Now let's go back to our repository and refresh.
And now we have a nice looking reading the file that will tell people what our product is about and
what it does naturally.
Probably the print hello world is not a great sequel analytics so there is a bit misleading but you
get the gist of it.
This is just to show you how markdown works.
Notice how you've now got this read me file there as well.
And also remember that because you back slashed the exclamation mark it shows up there which is not
very nice may just be better to avoid using exclamation marks altogether.
And there you go.
This is what Martin is how you can write it and how you can add a read the file to your get help project
.
And there you should because it tells people what it is how or why it's useful how to run it how to
install it and why they should care about it.
With that said.
See your next video.